skills/python/python-quiz.md, before:

## Python

#### Q1. Sample question 1?
```
# this is some code
print("Hello World")
```

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q2. Sample question 2?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q3. Sample question 3?

```
# this is some code
print("Hello World")

```

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q4. Sample question 4?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q5. Sample question 5?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q6. Sample question 6?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q7. Sample question 7?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q8. Sample question 8?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q9. Sample question 9?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q10. Sample question 10?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q11. Sample question 11?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q123.

```python
# some code

```

- [x] A

```python
# some code

```

- [ ] B

```python
# some code

```

- [ ] C

```python
# some code

```

- [ ] D

```python
# some code

```

**Explanation:** This is some crazy code!

[Reference](http://www.example.com)

Commit message:

Updated question heading to handle multiple elements

skills/python/python-quiz.md, after:

## Python

#### Q1. Sample question 1? This question has multiple sentences in the heading. But the last does not end in a question mark.
```
# this is some code
print("Hello World")
```

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q2. Sample question 2?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q3. Sample question 3?

```
# this is some code
print("Hello World")

```

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q4. Sample question 4?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q5. Sample question 5?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q6. Sample question 6?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q7. Sample question 7?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q8. Sample question 8?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q9. Sample question 9?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q10. Sample question 10?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q11. Sample question 11?

- [ ] Answer 1
- [ ] Answer 2
- [x] Answer 3
- [ ] Answer 4

#### Q123.

```python
# some code

```

- [x] A

```python
# some code

```

- [ ] B

```python
# some code

```

- [ ] C

```python
# some code

```

- [ ] D

```python
# some code

```

**Explanation:** This is some crazy code!

[Reference](http://www.example.com)
